Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, revenues are working on the joint medicine screen.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we are going to need to create a new fly.
So over the screens, whether they're going to create a new fly, which is going to score video on the
score call, then on the score screen, then your section wishes towards that.
Okay.
The Urban League needs to use culture and not to make this white.
Now, we can't just go with this the less we get since we can as well change it later, just before
we get into meteorites rights.
Okay.
So we're going to call this now video call screen.
Right.
Okay.
And over here, we need to use the control adult.
And that's important to add to that package.
Right.
Okay.
So they sort of return in a container.
They're just going to return to the scaffold.
So we have access to lots of property, right?
Okay.
The police got your names to save.
Now, what's happened is we're going to go to the.
Mrs. Careen writes, This is the dawn medicine.
I can, right.
So as this escalates, I want to go to that page.
Okay.
So now what we can do in that to make this cleaner.
Over here, you can create a new function called Join.
Medicine.
Okay.
Right.
And now we can.
We can then see Navigator.
Navigator.
That contest.
Then that's push.
And this drought is going to be much severe.
Pedro.
Because it needs to be the.
With a view to.
It's going to take in the contest.
Okay.
A function.
It is going to be the video call screen.
Right.
Okay, great.
You can see we don't have access to contest.
Right, because we are outside this way.
This is the contest where we are outside.
Outside this.
That's not to.
Be able to use this contest.
We can't pass the contest over and we can specify the type is abuse contest.
Okay.
For some reason we see counts of assists this year in an era.
Now what you can do to solve that era, we're just going to convert this to state where we get these
controlled DOT converts that we get.
Okay, you can see that arrow is gone.
Okay.
Now, we don't really need this.
Great.
Now over here is the joint meeting, right?
I'm going to get rid of this.
Then we're just gonna call that functional coordinator, okay?
We can get rid of this and make sure you your the chain of command.
If you go to save and then click on this.
Okay.
You can see groups.
Now we can start working on that screen.
So I'm going to go back to the video call screen.
Now over here, we're going to have.
And how are.
Bah bah.
We jets.
Okay.
Go check it out.
You can see what it does.
Okay.
You can see this now that we can get rid of this television, right.
So that it matches with the background so we can see elevation to zero.
I take a good look at those businesses going to school now.
Okay.
No, it's not really that again.
What you can do is we can.
So the background color should be the background color.
We have declared in our calls the rights.
Can I go check it out?
Knows when the match is.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can then have.
They try to.
And the artist is just going to say it's going to be a test with that right where she is going to sit,
which is just going to say join.
A medicine.
Right.
Okay.
The default for iPhone users or our users is going to be either middle or since we all know it is going
to be on the left side, not the ticket to the center.
I'll just have to say it's within the app bar.
You're going to need to see a center type to.
True.
Okay.
You can do it over here.
Still sensitized to what must be within the ABA.
Okay, great.
Check it out now.
You see, it's going to go to the media.
Okay.
I can give a font size to this so you can see this guy.
Is it just rights in others or all?
Okay.
So we're going to see font size of 18.
We can also say fonts.
Fun tweets.
On with the boat.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.